You enjoy vibrant social events with lots of people. (Extraverted)
You often spend time exploring unrealistic yet intriguing ideas. (Intuitive)
Your travel plans are more likely to look like a rough list of ideas than a detailed itinerary. (Perceiving)
You often think about what you should have said in a conversation long after it has taken place. (Introverted)
If your friend is sad about something, your first instinct is to support them emotionally, not try to solve their problem. (Feeling)
People can rarely upset you. (Emotionally stable)
You often rely on other people to be the ones to start a conversation and keep it going. (Introverted)
If you have to temporarily put your plans on hold, you make sure it is your top priority to get back on track as soon as possible. (Judging)
You rarely worry if you made a good impression on someone you met. (Emotionally stable)
It would be a challenge for you to spend the whole weekend all by yourself without feeling bored. (Extraverted)
You feel more energetic after spending time with a group of people. (Extraverted)
You frequently misplace your things. (Perceiving)
You see yourself as very emotionally stable. (Feeling)
Your mind is always buzzing with unexplored ideas and plans. (Intuitive)
You would not call yourself a dreamer. (Thinking)
You usually find it difficult to relax when talking in front of many people. (Introverted)
Generally speaking, you rely more on your experience than your imagination. (Sensing)
You worry too much about what other people think. (Feeling)
If the room is full, you stay closer to the walls, avoiding the center. (Introverted)
You have a tendency to procrastinate until there is not enough time to do everything. (Perceiving)
You find it difficult to introduce yourself to other people. (Introverted)
You often get lost in your thoughts and ignore or forget your surroundings. (Introverted)
You try to respond to your emails as soon as possible and cannot stand a messy inbox. (Judging)
You find it easy to stay relaxed even when there is some pressure. (Emotionally stable)
You do not usually initiate conversations. (Introverted)
You rarely do something just out of sheer curiosity. (Thinking)
You feel superior to other people. (Thinking)
Being organized is more important to you than being adaptable. (Judging)
You are usually highly motivated and energetic. (Extraverted)
Winning a debate matters less to you than making sure no one gets upset. (Feeling)
You often feel as if you have to justify yourself to other people. (Feeling)
Your home and work environments are quite tidy. (Judging)
You do not mind being at the center of attention. (Extraverted)
People cannot upset you easily. (Emotionally stable)
Your travel plans are usually well thought out. (Judging)
It is often difficult for you to relate to other people's feelings. (Thinking)
Your mood can change very quickly. (Emotionally unstable)
In a discussion, truth should be more important than people's sensitivities. (Thinking)
You rarely worry about how your actions affect other people. (Thinking)
Your work style is closer to random energy spikes than to a methodical and organized approach. (Perceiving)
You are often envious of others. (Feeling)
You are more of a detail-oriented person than a big-picture thinker. (Sensing)
You are very affectionate with people you care about. (Feeling)
You have a careful and methodical approach to life. (Judging)
You are still bothered by mistakes that you made a long time ago. (Introverted)
At parties and similar events, you can mostly be found farther away from the action. (Introverted)
You often find yourself lost in thought when you are in a quiet room. (Introverted)
You prefer to work alone or with a small team rather than in a large group. (Introverted)
You are more interested in a general idea than in the details of its implementation. (Intuitive)
You are the kind of person who would be most likely to develop a detailed plan before starting a new project. (Judging)
You are quick to forgive others but slow to forgive yourself. (Introverted)
You are not a particularly outgoing person, and you rarely initiate conversations. (Introverted)
You are more likely to follow your heart than your head. (Feeling)
You are often so focused on your own interests that you can forget about other people's needs. (Introverted)
You are a practical person who prefers to focus on the present rather than the future. (Sensing)
You are more comfortable in a quiet and peaceful environment than in a busy and noisy one. (Introverted)
You have a tendency to second-guess yourself. (Introverted)
You enjoy taking risks and trying new things. (Perceiving)
You have a strong sense of duty and responsibility. (Judging)
You are a deeply emotional person who often wears their heart on their sleeve. (Feeling)
You are the kind of person who likes to keep their options open. (Perceiving)
You are very good at focusing on the task at hand and ignoring distractions. (Judging)
You have a strong sense of justice and are quick to speak up when you see something that is unfair. (Thinking)
You are the kind of person who would rather follow a proven strategy than try something new and untested. (Judging)
You tend to be more focused on the big picture than on the details. (Intuitive)